.TH CRED-MANAGER 1 "September 2025" "Cred Manager 1.0.0" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
cred-manager \- Secure API Key Management Application
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B cred-manager
.SH DESCRIPTION
Cred Manager is a secure, local-only desktop application for managing API keys,
credentials, and sensitive data. It provides enterprise-grade security using
Argon2 password hashing and SQLCipher database encryption.
.PP
The application features:
.IP \(bu 2
Local encrypted storage with SQLCipher
.IP \(bu 2
Argon2-based passphrase authentication
.IP \(bu 2
Security question recovery system
.IP \(bu 2
Optional biometric authentication
.IP \(bu 2
Project-based credential organization
.IP \(bu 2
Built-in password generator
.SH OPTIONS
Cred Manager is a GUI application and does not accept command-line options.
Launch it from your desktop environment's application menu.
.SH FILES
.TP
.I /usr/lib/cred-manager/
Application installation directory
.TP
.I /var/lib/cred-manager/
System data directory
.TP
.I ~/.local/share/cred-manager/
User data directory
.TP
.I ~/.config/cred-manager/
User configuration directory
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.TP
.B DISPLAY
X11 display for GUI rendering
.TP
.B WAYLAND_DISPLAY
Wayland display for GUI rendering (preferred on modern systems)
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR dpkg (1),
.BR apt (1)
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Darren Edward House of Jones.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2025 Darren Edward House of Jones. Licensed under proprietary terms.
.SH BUGS
Report bugs to the project maintainer.
.SH NOTES
This application runs completely offline and does not require network connectivity.